there was an idea to bring together a
group of remarkable people so when they
needed us we could fight the battles
this is the final chapter of the first
ten years the story is all about trying
to connect people they're certainly
gonna be some endings this is by far and
away the hardest villain that the heroes
I've ever faced fun isn't something one
considers from balancing the universe
payoffs is after the Infinity stones
this is a smash grab heights film but it
was a second arias this is a man Lance
wash Carla took some time but it's great
it's so cool Hemsworth and proud the
conflict between the two characters is
hilarious there really sparked you guys
there's gonna be some new beginnings
going forward get this man a sheet you
want them to have a cathartic experience
in the culminating films it's like you
want them to feel like they went on a
journey
[Music]